Cooking Minutes, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Instructions, Preparation Minutes, Price Per Serving, Ready In Minutes, Servings, Spoonacular Score, Title, Vegan, Vegetarian
10, true, true, "Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Arrange salmon in a shallow baking pan. Season with salt and pepper. Roast until no longer pink in the middle and flaky, 10 to 13 minutes. Using a flat spatula, remove fillets, leaving skin on the baking sheet.", 5.0, 427.92, 15, 4, 99.0, "Roasted Salmon With Lime And Cilantro", false, false
10, false, true, "Cut room temperature curd into 1 inch cubes; set aside in a large pot.In a separate large pot, bring heavily salted water to boil (taste it, make sure you taste the salt!).Pour the boiling salted water over the curd and let it steep for 10 minutes. While the curd is steeping, prepare 4 8-oz ramekins by coating the inside with the olive oil. After the curd has steeped for 10 minutes, use a wooden to knead it, gently pressing it into itself and tossing it over. As it starts to come together, abandon the spoon and use your hands to knead it into 4 3-oz balls.Using your fingers, gently spread and flatten the balls to about 1/8 inch thick and 6 inches in diameter; gently center each disk of flattened cheese over the rim of a ramekin.Scoop two large tablespoons of ricotta into the middle of of each piece of mozzarella; using a spoon as you do to gently press the ricotta down and into the mozzarella lined ramekin.Fold the mozzarella over the ricotta, trimming any excess with a scissors.You can use the salted water the curds were steeped in to form a seal; just wet your fingers with the water and smear the top of each filled ramekin.To serve, flip the ramekin onto a serving dish and garnish the burrata with olive oil, sea salt and black pepper.Combine all ingredients in a small sauce pan, whisk slowly over low heat, just below a simmer for 8-10 minutes, should be aromatic at this point.Strain thru fine mesh cheese cloth, discarding spices.Cool oil in an ice bath before transferring to a bottle for use.", 15.0, 128.28, 25, 8, 34.0, "Burrata, Chili Oil and More…from Frank Bonanno", false, true
0, false, false, "Procedures 1 Make the crust: Preheat oven to 325°F. Combine ginger snap crumbs, melted butter, and maple syrup and stir until well mixed. Press into the bottom of a greased 9-inch springform pan and bake for 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Leave oven on. 2 Make the mascarpone filling: Add the cream cheese to the bowl of an electric mixer and beat until creamy, about two minutes. Add mascarpone, sugar and lemon zest, beating on low speed for 1 minute, until the texture is smooth. Do not over-beat, as mascarpone will occasionally go to pieces if abused. Turn the mixer to medium and add eggs a little a time, and then the vanilla, again beating until smooth - about 30 seconds. Add flour, salt, and cayenne, beating for another 30 seconds. 3 Pour mascarpone filling into the cooled springform pan and wrap the bottom and sides tightly with heavy duty tin foil to keep butter from leaking out into your oven (see headnote--springform pans are notoriously leaky). Bake for 45 to 50 minutes. The top should be slightly browned and a little jiggly in the middle. Cool for 15 minutes, then run a knife around the edges of the cake to loosen it from the pan. Allow to cool completely before adding lemon filling. 4 Make the Meyer lemon filling: In a cup, stir together cornstarch and water until you have a well-mixed slurry. Set aside. 5 In a small bowl combine sugar, salt, lemon zest, and egg yolks, beating well with a whisk. Add in lemon juice, stir well, then add butter and cornstarch slurry, whisking again. 6 Pour the lemon filling into a saucepan and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly until the mixture thickens, about 5 to 7 minutes. It should be thick enough to heavily coat the back of a spoon. If the mixture begins to boil, lower the heat to medium-low. 7 Remove pan from heat and continue to whisk for 1 minute. Push the filling through a sieve to remove any lumps, then pour the filling into the springform pan on top of the baked cheesecake. Chill for at least six hours to set the cake completely before removing the sides of the springform pan. Serve with a dollop of whipped cream and a slice of lemon jelly candy, if you like.", 0, 131.78, 75, 8, 34.0, "Meyer Lemon Mascarpone Cake", false, false
25, false, true, "Directions In a large saucepan, saute onion, celery, garlic and green pepper in oil until tender. Add zucchini, tomatoes, broth, basil and thyme; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, for 20-30 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Stir in cream; heat through. Serve hot or cold. Yield: 8 servings (2 quarts). Originally published as Zucchini Soup in Quick CookingJuly/August 1998, p46 Nutritional Facts 1 cup equals 98 calories, 5 g fat (2 g saturated fat), 17 mg cholesterol, 409 mg sodium, 9 g carbohydrate, 2 g fiber, 3 g protein.. Diabetic Exchanges: 2 vegetable, 1 fat. Print Add to Recipe Box Email a Friend", 10.0, 90.96, 35, 8, 50.0, "Zucchini Soup", false, true
0, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.In a large mixing bowl, combine the 1/2 cup butter, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg and 1 tsp vanilla. Add in 1 cup of gluten-free flour, xanthan gum, baking powder, baking soda and 1 cup of oats. Stir until well combined.By placing a sheet of plastic wrap over the mixture, press cookie dough into the bottom of a lightly greased pizza pan. Set aside.In a large mixing bowl, beat together the cream cheese, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, 1 tsp vanilla, 1 tsp cinnamon and egg yolk. In a separate bowl, toss the chopped apples with the 3 Tbsp of gluten-free flour, to coat. Stir the apples into the cream cheese mixture. Pour apple/cream cheese mixture on top of the oatmeal cookie dough, leaving about 1-inch uncovered around the edge of the cookie. Set aside.For the crisp topping, mix 1/3 cup gluten-free flour, 1/2 cup oats, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, pinch of nutmeg and 1/3 cup brown sugar in a medium size mixing bowl. Using a pastry blender, or two knives, cut the cold butter into the mixture, until the butter pieces are about the size of a pea. Sprinkle the crisp topping on top of the apple/cream cheese layer.Sprinkle the top of the Apple Crisp Pizza with the chopped pecans.Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes.Remove from oven and allow to cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes.Use a pizza cutter to cut Apple Crisp Pizza into 12 pieces. Top each slice with caramel sauce, and serve warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.", 0, 99.06, 45, 8, 25.0, "Gluten-Free Apple Crisp Pizza", false, true
6, false, false, "<ol><li>Measure out the cereal. Pour in a large bowl, set aside.</li><li>Melt butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add sugar.</li><li>Stir constantly for 6-8 minutes until the color is light brown (like a paper bag). If using a candy thermometer the temperature should reach about 298°F. The mixture may look curdled or separated- that's okay. You are looking for a light brown caramel color.</li><li>Immediately remove from heat and slowly add vanilla- being careful to avoid any splatters to your skin. Stir for a few more seconds, and pour over the cereal.</li><li>Stir the toffee to coat the cereal as best you can then spread the mixture onto your prepared baking sheet to cool. Add M&amp;Ms if desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week.</li></ol>", 10.0, 50.07, 16, 8, 51.0, "Cinnamon Cereal Toffee Crunch Snack Mix", false, true
10, true, true, "Preheat your waffle iron.Mix all the dry ingredients in a large bowl (everything through the nutmeg).Whisk together all the other (wet) ingredients in a medium bowl.Add the wet ingredients to the dry and mix until combined.Pour the batter (it will be thick and you'll need to spread it out with a spatula) onto the waffle iron and cook according to the directions on your waffle.", 5.0, 270.95, 15, 2, 69.0, "Sweet potato waffles", false, true
45, true, true, "Preheat oven to 400. Take the squash and slice in half (1). Cut into quarters, scoop out the seeds (2) and place in a roasting pan. Drizzle with olive oil (3) and roast until squash is tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool enough to handle.While squash is roasting, make granola. Combine the quinoa flakes with the sesame seeds and salt in a bowl (4). Add in the olive oil and honey, stirring until everything is combined and the quinoa flakes are well coated (5). If the honey is thick, heat slightly before using. Pour the granola onto a baking tray covered with parchment paper and pat down into a thin layer (6). Bake for 10 minutes; the granola should be lightly browning around the edges. Stir slightly and return to the oven for another 5 to 10 minutes or until the granola is golden. Remove from oven and let cool.While the squash and granola is baking, heat a pot over medium heat. Add olive oil followed by onion. Cook until the onion is translucent, 6 to 8 minutes (7). Add in garlic and ginger, cooking for another minute. Add in 2 cups vegetable broth (8), bring to a boil, and turn off heat.Once squash is done roasting and cool enough to handle, scoop out the insides into a blender (9). Add in the vegetable broth (10) and puree until the soup is smooth (11). If the soup looks too thick, add splash more vegetable broth.Return the soup back to the pot (12) and heat over low until warm. Serve with a sprinkle of granola and a very light drizzle of sesame oil.See corresponding step by step photos below.", 20.0, 299.27, 65, 2, 94.0, "Sesame Kabocha Squash Soup", false, true
30, false, false, "Preheat the oven to 325F. Line 12 muffin tins with paper liners.Mix the vegetable oil, eggs, sour cream and sugar in a bowl. In another bowl, combine the flour, graham cracker crumbs, cocoa, salt and baking soda. Combine both mixtures and stir, just until moistened. Fold in the marshmallows and chocolate chips. Divide the mixture evenly between the muffin tins.Bake until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Do not over bake. Allow to cool.Garnish the muffins with a dollop of marshmallow creme, graham cracker crumbs and chocolate chips.", 15.0, 31.65, 60, 12, 16.0, "S’mores Muffins", false, false
0, true, true, "Season the liver lightly with the salt and pepper; dredge in the tapioca and shake to remove the excess.Heat the tallow in a large heavy skillet over high heat and fry the liver, working in batches if necessary, until browned, 2 to 3 minutes; remove to a plate and set aside.Reduce the heat to medium low and sauté the onion and celery until the onion is soft but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the sliced peppers and garlic and cook for another minute. Stir in the beef stock, scraping all the brown bits off the bottom, then stir in the tomato sauce, oregano and thyme. Add the beef liver back to the pan, with the accumulated pan juices.Simmer the simmer the liver, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and the sauce has thickened. Taste and add salt and pepper if necessary before serving.Nutrition (per serving): 367 calories, 14.4g total fat, 425.1mg cholesterol, 704.7mg sodium, 1002.9mg potassium, 24.6g carbohydrates, 2.7g fiber, 5.7g sugar, 34.1g protein", 0, 143.07, 45, 6, 98.0, "Italian-Style Beef Liver", false, false
30, true, true, "Put the chicken in a medium bowl. Mix in the lime juice, paprika, chilli powder and a grinding of black pepper (step 1), then leave to marinate for at least 15 mins, preferably a bit longer. Heat 1 tbsp of the oil in a large non-stick wok or saut pan. Tip in the cinnamon stick, cardamom pods, whole chilli and cumin seeds, and stir-fry briefly just to colour and release their fragrance (step 2). Stir in the onion, garlic and ginger and fry over a medium-high heat for 3-4 mins until the onion starts to turn brown. Add the remaining oil, then drop in the chicken and stir-fry for 2-3 mins or until it no longer looks raw. Mix the turmeric, cumin, ground coriander and garam masala together. Tip into the pan, lower the heat to medium and cook for 2 mins (step 3). Pour in the passata and 150ml water, then drop in the chunks of pepper. When starting to bubble, lower the heat and simmer for 15-20 mins or until the chicken is tender. Stir in the tomato, simmer for 2-3 mins, then add the spinach and turn it over in the pan to just wilt. Season with a little salt. If you want to thin down the sauce, splash in a little more water. Remove the cinnamon stick, chilli and cardamom pods, if you wish, before serving. Scatter with fresh coriander and serve with warm chapatis or basmati rice, if you like.", 25.0, 247.97, 55, 4, 97.0, "Healthier chicken balti", false, false
0, true, true, "Rinse quinoa and cook with 2/3 cup water on the stove according to package directions. Cool.Add kale and carrots to quinoa.Make dressing by combining shredded apple, lime zest and juice, salt, vinegar, sesame oil, oil and sugar in a jar and shaking vigorously.Chill salad and dressing for a minimum of 30 minutes. (Recipe creator suggests overnight.)Toss dressing with quinoa mixture, chopped apples and almonds.", 0, 169.79, 45, 6, 95.0, "Kale and Quinoa Salad with Apple Lime Vinaigrette", true, true
40, true, true, "To Make The Almond Topping:Stir all ingredients together until combined, mixing them together with your fingers if needed. Set aside.To Make The Berry Almond Crisp.Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare the almond topping (see above).Pour the berriesinto an 8 x 8-inch (or 9 x 9-inch) baking dish. Sprinkle evenly with cornstarch and lemon juice (and almond extract, if using), and toss until evenly combined. Sprinkle the oat crisp mixture evenly on top of the berries.Bake for 35-40 minutes, or until the topping is crisp and golden and the fruit is bubbling. Serve immediately. Or let the crisp cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate for up to 3 days.", 5.0, 118.77, 45, 8, 39.0, "Berry Almond Crisp", true, true
10, true, false, "In a mixing bowl, stir together the tuna, garlic, dill, breadcrumbs and egg until well-combined. Form into four patties. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet set over medium heat. Once the oil is hot, add the tuna cakes and cook for 4-5 minutes per side until golden brown.Serve immediately with salad.", 5.0, 44.45, 20, 4, 40.0, "Dill Garlic Tuna Cakes", false, false
360, true, false, "In a slow cooker place chicken breast, chopped celery, garlic, plum tomatoes, black pepper, fresh parsley and dill, lemon zest, and chicken broth.Cook on high for 5 hours or low for 8 hours.Add shredded zucchini, green onion, and orzo pasta and cook for one additional hour (on high).Remove chicken breast from slow cooker and shred.Place the chicken back in the slow cooker, add in lemon juice, stir, and ladle into bowls! ", 10.0, 140.38, 370, 8, 55.0, "Lemon Chicken Orzo Soup", false, false
65, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350° F. Butter a standard loaf pan or a 9\" round or square baking pan.Melt the butter and allow to cool.Meanwhile trim off the zucchini ends and thinly slice 6 or 7 rounds off the end for garnish. Coarsely grate the rest on the large holes of a box grater. Add it to the middle of a clean kitchen towel and gently ring out some (you don't need to get it all out) of the water.Into a large bowl sift both flours, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and baking soda together.Whisk the eggs and buttermilk into the cooled butter then stir in the zucchini then the cheese.Add the zucchini mixture to the flour mixture and stir until just combined - the batter will be thick.Transfer to the prepared pan and smooth out the top. Arrange the zucchini slices over top.Bake until golden and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, 55-65 minutes for a loaf pan 40 - 50 minutes for a round or square pan.", 25.0, 416.92, 90, 1, 99.0, "Cheddar Zucchini Cornbread", false, true
0, false, false, "In a small saucepan, combine the water, butter, and sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring until the butter is completely melted. Remove from heat, add the flour, salt, and lemon zest and stir until combined. Place over medium heat and stir until dough becomes slightly dry and leaves a film on the bottom of the pan.Scoop the dough into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and let cool for 5-7 minutes. Beat the mixture on low speed, allowing it to cool some more, for a few minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Let the dough rest for 1 hour.Pour the oil into a heavy bottomed saucepan and heat over medium high heat to 365 degrees F. Fry the beignets by the tablespoon a few at a time. Cook them for approximately 3 minutes on each side, or until golden and puffed.Remove the beignets and let drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve immediately with strawberry sauce, if desired (recipe follows).Combine the strawberries and sugar in a saucepan over medium heat and stir until sugar is dissolved. Add the balsamic vinegar and vanilla extract. Let the mixture simmer for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sauce coats the back of a spoon with the consistency of maple syrup. Let cool. Serve warm or cold.", 0, 36.36, 45, 24, 14.0, "Lemon Beignets with Strawberry Sauce", false, true
15, true, false, "In a large bowl or bowl of a stand mixer, stir 1 cup flour, yeast and warm water until combined.In a separate bowl, stir together pumpkin puree, maple syrup, oil, salt, allspice, cinnamon, ginger and egg until combined.Add pumpkin mixture to flour mixture; stir to combine.Using a wooden spoon or dough hook attachment, stir in remaining flour 1 cup at a time until a dough forms. Knead by hand on a lightly floured surface 7-10 minutes until smooth and elastic, adding more flour as needed OR knead on medium speed with dough hook attachment 5-6 minutes until smooth and elastic, adding more flour as needed.Shape dough into a ball and place in a lightly greased bowl; turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise 1 hour in a warm place until doubled.When dough is doubled, punch down and knead in cranberries and pecans. Divide dough into 16 equal pieces. On a lightly floured surface, roll out each piece of dough into a 12-inch log. Fold each log in half, then twist both ends once, pinching seams to seal. Place twists on 2 parchment paper-lined baking sheets.Cover baking sheets with tea towels or lightly greased plastic wrap. Let twists rise until puffy, about 45 minutes.Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Uncover twists; brush with beaten egg. Bake 15 minutes until golden brown and baked through. Cool slightly before serving.", 25.0, 45.59, 40, 16, 63.0, "pumpkin cranberry twists", false, true
15, false, false, "Mix the spices in a small bowl. Generously sprinkle and rub the spices on both sides of each burger patty. Grill each burger until cooked through (timing will depend on your grilling method and heat. I use an indoor electric grill that cook both sides at once, so it’s super fast).When burgers cooking, make the tzatziki sauce by placing all sauce ingredients in a food processor and blending gently (it only takes a few pulses – you don’t want the sauce to be soupy).When burgers are cooked, sprinkle each patty with feta cheese and allow cheese to melt slightly.Toast ciabatta rolls (I placed the rolls, cut-side-down, on the grill after taking the burgers off).Generously spread each side of a sliced ciabatta roll with tzatziki sauce and then top with burger, tomatoes, lettuce, and anything else you might enjoy!", 0.0, 483.61, 15, 4, 86.0, "Greek-Style Gourmet Burgers in 15 Minutes #15MinuteSuppers", false, false
0, true, true, "Add the wine, cider, brandy and simple syrup to a large pitcher. Stir to combine. Taste and adjust anything if need be to your own preferences (more simple syrup, more brandy, more cider, etc.). Add in the cinnamon sticks and apples and stir. Place the pitcher in the refrigerator and chill for several hours.", 10.0, 220.15, 10, 6, 22.0, "Honey Cinnamon Apple Cider Sangria", true, true
5, true, true, "Place garlic, salt, and lemon juice into a food processor; process until smooth. Pour in the garbanzo beans and cup olive oil; process until smooth again, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. Once smooth, add the sun-dried tomatoes, and pulse until they have been chopped to very small pieces and are incorporated into the hummus. Finally, add the basil, and pulse a few times until mixed in.Spread the hummus into a shallow serving dish, and make a few decorative grooves on top. Refrigerate at least 1 hour, then drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle with paprika before serving.", 10.0, 117.37, 15, 4, 94.0, "Sun Dried Tomato Hummus", true, true
0, false, true, "Procedures 1 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Farenheit. In a large dutch oven, heat the oil over medium until shimmering. Add shallots and cook until soft, about 3 minutes, the add the garlic and cook for an additional minute. Add the rice and stir well to coat in the oil. Toast until opaque, about 3 minutes, then add the wine and allow it to absorb into the rice. 2 Add the squash, broth, and kale, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, cover tightly, and transfer to the oven. Bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Serve with grated Parmesan.", 0, 312.62, 45, 4, 98.0, "Dinner Tonight: Butternut Squash Baked Risotto", false, false
30, false, false, "1. Place rack in middle-low position of your oven, making sure that there are no racks placed above it. Spray bundt pan generously with nonstick spray.2. Prepare dough: In a microwave-safe bowl, mix milk, water, melted butter, sugar and yeast. Place flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Use the dough hook attachment to mix them together. With machine on low, slowly add the milk mixture. When the dough begins to come together, increase speed to medium and continue to mix until the dough is shiny and smooth. If the dough is too wet and isn’t coming together, add 2 to 4 additional Tablespoons of flour (stop the machine once to scrape sides if you need to); this should take 6 to 7 minutes. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and work with your hands a little bit to form a smooth, round ball. Coat a large bowl with nonstick spray. Place dough in the bowl and spray the top lightly with nonstick spray as well. Cover the bowl with a clean dish towel. Turn your oven on 400 degrees and let it warm up for 1 minute. Turn it OFF. Turn ON the oven light. Place your covered bowl of dough into the warmed oven until the dough doubles in size- 50 to 60 minutes.3. When dough is almost done rising, prepare the ooey gooey coating. In a medium bowl, whisk together brown sugar and cinnamon. In a separate bowl, melt the butter. Set aside.4. Form the bread balls: Remove dough from the bowl onto a lightly floured surface and gently pat into an 8-inch square. Using a sharp knife or bench scraper, cut the dough into 64 pieces (cut the square into 4 pieces and then cut each piece into 16 pieces). Roll each piece into a ball. Dip a ball in the melted butter, then roll in brown sugar mixture; place into the bundt pan. Continue with remaining 63 balls of dough, layering the balls as they accumulate in the bundt pan. If you have any melted butter left over, drizzle a couple of Tablespoons over the layered dough balls. Cover the bundt pan with a clean dish towel, and place back into the warmed oven to let the dough balls rise for another 50 to 60 minutes (they should get puffy and rise almost to the top of the pan.)5. Ready to bake: Remove the pan from the oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the dishtowel. Bake about 30 minutes, until the top has browned and ooey gooey caramel is bubbling around the edges. Cool in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes, then flip the bundt pan upside down onto a platter to remove the contents of the pan. Let sit on the platter for a few minutes to cool slightly before glazing.6. Prepare glaze: In the bowl of your stand mixer, use the whisk attachment to mix powdered sugar and milk. Continue to mix until lumps are gone (scrape sides of the mixing bowl, if needed). Spoon glaze over the top and sides of the monkey bread.7. Serve warm, allowing eaters to pull apart pieces of the bread and eat with their hands.", 50.0, 49.67, 80, 6, 46.0, "Monkey Bread", false, true
0, true, false, "Make the sunflower spread: Drain and rinse the sunflower seeds. In a blender, combine the sunflower seeds, water, vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, and salt and blend until smooth. Chill until ready to use.Preheat the oven to 400F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place the sweet potato cubes on one and the baguette slices on the other, and drizzle both with olive oil. Sprinkle the sweet potatoes with pinches of salt and pepper and toss. Roast the sweet potatoes for 35 minutes, or until golden. Toast the baguette for 10 to 12 minutes until crisp. Remove the baguette slices from the oven and rub them with the cut side of clove of garlic while warm. Set aside.Assemble the crostini with a slather of the sunflower spread, some sweet potato cubes, a few pomegranate seeds, and a few cilantro leaves, if desired. Season to taste and finish with a drizzle of olive oil.note: ricotta cheese seasoned with salt and lemon zest can be used in place of the sunflower spread.", 0, 52.65, 45, 16, 80.0, "Sweet Potato Pomegranate Crostini", true, true
0, false, true, "Finely grate the zest of 2 oranges and 2 lemons. In a small bowl, stir together citrus zests, sugar, coriander, salt & pepper.Cut the oranges and lemons into 1/4-inch thick rounds, and put aside.Place salmon, skin side down, on a plate or non-reactive (glass or ceramic) baking dish. Rub spice blend over salmon. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Remove salmon from refrigerator. Wipe off spice blend with paper towels. Arrange orange and lemon rounds in a single layer on a large baking sheet or roasting pan, and place salmon skin side down, on top. Rub the oil all over salmon. Roasted until opaque throughout, about 15 minutes.To serve, place a small coating on sauce on the plate, top with sliced salmon, and garnish with pea shoots and sliced lemon.In a medium to large bowl, prepare an ice-water bath, and set aside.Bring a pot of water to a boil. Blanch peas and pea shoot until bright green, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, immediate transfer to the ice bath (this will immediately stop the cooking process, and help the vegetables retain their vibrant green color).Drain the peas and pea shoot, and add to the food processor or blender. Puree until smooth, adding 1-3 tablespoons of water, if necessary, to thin the mixture (the mixture should coat the back of a spoon). Place puree in a small saucepan, over low heat, and whisk in butter, one piece at a time. Whisk until emulsified and remove from heat. Season sauce with salt, to taste. Serve warm.", 0, 1010.92, 45, 4, 95.0, "Citrus Roasted Salmon with Spring Pea Sauce", false, false
25, true, true, "In a medium saucepan over medium heat, heat oil and add all turkey ingredients and mix until well combined (leaving 1 teaspoon of minced ginger aside for the dressing). Cook for about 3 to 5 minutes, until the turkey is browned and no pink remains. Taste and adjust salt and pepper as needed.In a small saucepan add in the leftover ginger and the rest of the sauce ingredients. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower heat and let simmer for 1-2 minutes until it reduces slightly. Pour into a bowl and set aside for later use.Pulse cauliflower florets in your food processor until it reaches a rice consistency and add salt. Saut in a skillet for 2-3 minutes to slightly soften. Set aside.Heat a separate saute pan with oil and add in diced onion, sliced red peppers and green beans. Cook until onion becomes translucent and veggies begin to soften. Add in spinach, box choy, salt and pepper. Cook until wilted. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.Place cauliflower into bowls or glass tupperware containers. Add veggies and turkey. Pour sauce on top and serve!", 10.0, 499.99, 35, 4, 98.0, "30-Minute Thai Basil Turkey Bowls", false, false
80, true, true, "Calienta el horno a 300 ºF [150 ºC]Unta un molde antiadherente de 9 x 9 x 3 pulgadas [22.5 x 22.5 x 7.5 cm] con un poco del aceite.Prueba el caldo de vegetales, y agrega sal al gusto (solo si es necesario). Mezcla con el harina de maíz y deja reposar por una hora.Agrégale el maíz, cebolla, espinacas y berza, huevos, y el aceite restante. Mezcla bien.Vierte la mezcla en el molde y cubre con papel de aluminio. Pincha el papel de aluminio tres veces con un tenedor.Lleva al horno por 40 minutos, o hasta que insertes un palillo en el centro y salga limpio.Retira del horno y deja enfriar a temperatura ambiente antes de sacar del molde.Calienta el aceite de oliva a temperatura muy baja.Agrega el ajo y cuece por unos 3 a 4 minutos, remueve y cuida de que no se queme.Agrega los tomates y cuece hasta que estén blandos.Agrega las hojas de orégano.Sazona con sal y pimienta al gusto.Vierte en una salsera.", 10.0, 3.98, 90, 6, 31.0, "Arepa salada de espinaca, berza y maíz dulce", true, true
22, false, false, "Preheat the broiler. Bring the cauliflower and milk to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth; return to the saucepan and stir in 1 1/4 cups cheddar and the parmesan. Meanwhile, grate the tomato into a bowl and stir in the barbecue sauce. Season the chicken with 1/4 teaspoon salt; set on a baking sheet and broil until golden, about 7 minutes. Flip the chicken, brush with the barbecue sauce mixture and continue broiling, basting with the pan juices occasionally, until cooked through, 6 to 7 more minutes. Meanwhile, bring a medium saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs; reserve 1/2 cup cooking water, then drain. Add the pasta to the cauliflower mixture along with a splash of the reserved cooking water. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the pasta is coated. Top the mac and cheese with the remaining 1/4 cup cheddar; serve with the chicken. Photograph by Justin Walker", 18.0, 321.61, 40, 3, 95.0, "Barbecue Chicken with Mac and Cheese", false, false
40, true, true, "Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Wash the fingerling potatoes and pat them dry.Add the oil to a cast iron (or oven-safe skillet). Add the fingerling potatoes and shake them around in the skillet until theyre coated with oil.Sprinkle the Italian seasoning, rosemary, and salt over the potatoes and shake the skillet around some more to distribute the seasoning.Roast in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes (depending on the size of your fingerling potatoes), or until potatoes are browned on the outside and soft when poked. Note: My potatoes took a full 40 minutes.", 5.0, 116.75, 45, 4, 94.0, "Rosemary Roasted Fingerling Potatoes", true, true
0, false, true, "Put the butter and peanut butter in a medium to large bowl. Cover with a paper plate. Plastic wrap may alternatively be used, however, I wasn’t so sure about plastic in the microwave. Microwave on high for 2 minutes. Stir before microwaving on high for two more minutes. The mixture will be bubbling and incredibly hot, so use caution. Stir briefly before adding vanilla and confectioners’ sugar. Stir with a large spoon to incorporate all of the ingredients. The mixture will become difficult to stir and will lose its sheen. Once this has happened, scoop the mixture into a square 8 inch pan lined with parchment paper with a large overhang. Spread the mixture as evenly as possible in the pan. Fold excess parchment over the top of the fudge to cover it. Refrigerate until completely cooled, about 2 hours. Cut into 64 1 inch pieces, 8 cuts across the top, 8 cuts down the side. Fudge may be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to one week. Alternatively, fudge freezes incredibly well. To do so, wrap it in parchment and foil, place it in a freezer bag, and thaw at room temperature for several hours before enjoying.", 10.0, 7.21, 10, 64, 4.0, "Microwave Peanut Butter Fudge", false, true
0, true, true, "In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients. Refrigerate for an hour to let the flavors mingle. Serve with chips and enjoy!", 15.0, 57.43, 15, 4, 51.0, "Watermelon Peach Salsa", true, true
0, false, false, "Whisk pudding with whipping cream and milk for 2 minutes or until smooth. Stir in vanilla bean paste. Let sit for 5 minutes.Spread pudding into the bottom of prepared pie crust. Chill for at least 4 hours before serving.Note on brulee: its best to brle slices instead of the entire pie. Its harder to slice once it has the brle on top and it must be eaten immediately. Unless you plan to serve the entire pie immediately, slice, then continue.Sprinkle each slice with sugar and use a kitchen torch to brle the top.Alternate brle no-torch no-oven method: Add 1/4 cup granulated sugar to a small saucepan. Place over low heat and do not touch it, but watch it closely. Once it starts to turn to liquid, stir with a wooden spoon, being careful not to get it on the sides of the pan, until the sugar turns to crystals then to liquid again, and turns a light amber color. Drizzle some onto each slice of pie. Note: this sugar hardens more than it does with the torch. Err on the light side of adding it to the top and be cautious eating it.", 0, 29.54, 15, 10, 13.0, "No Bake Creme Brulee Pie", false, true
15, true, true, "InstructionsHeat the cooking oil in a frying pan or wok.Saute the shallots or onion until a bit softened.Add the garlic, ginger and chilis. Add a dash of patis. Add some pepper. Saute for a minute or so until very aromatic.Throw in the kai-lan stalks. Season with a bit more patis. Pour in half of the coconut milk. Stir. Bring to a simmer, lower the heat, cover and simmer for about five minutes.Add the kai-lan leaves and pour in the rest of the coconut milk. Taste, adjust the seasonings, as needed, bring to a simmer, cover and cook over low heat for another five to seven minutes until the kai-lan is done and the coconut milk has reduced a bit.Adjust the seasonings one last time. Add the lechon kawali, stir, heat through and serve at once.", 10.0, 467.88, 25, 2, 65.0, "Lechon kawali and kai-lan (Chinese broccoli) in coconut milk", false, false
135, false, false, "1 Heat oven to 350F. Grease bottom and sides of 13x9-inch pan with shortening; lightly flour. 2 In large bowl, beat all ingredients except poppy seed, frosting, cocoa and candies with electric mixer on low speed 30 seconds, scraping bowl constantly. Beat on high speed 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally. Stir in poppy seed. Pour into pan. 3 Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until cakes springs back when touched lightly in center. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pan to wire rack. Cool completely, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Place on serving platter. Spread frosting on top and sides of cake. 4 For butterfly design, hold handle of large wooden spoon crosswise over center of frosted cake (hold spoon close to cake); sift cocoa over handle to form outline of butterfly body. Hold bowl of spoon over cake at angle to butterfly body; sift cocoa over edge of bowl of spoon to form outline of wing part. Repeat to form 3 remaining wing parts. Decorate with almonds.", 30.0, 99.92, 165, 12, 54.0, "Butterfly Stencil Cake", false, false
0, false, false, "Preheat oven to 425 degrees.Heat a skillet over high heat. Add the corn kernels and let them dry-roast for about 6-8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until their edges begin to brown and caramelize. Transfer the corn to a plate to set aside.Reduce heat to medium-high, and (carefully) add the oil until heated. Add onion and saute for 5 minutes or until cooked and translucent. Add the shrimp, chili powder, cumin, and a pinch of salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Cook for 3-5 minutes, or until the shrimp are cooked and no longer translucent. Stir in the chopped green chiles and cilantro and cook for an additional minute, then remove from heat.To assemble the taquitos, place a large spoonful of the shrimp mixture down the center of a tortilla. Then top with some diced avocado and a generous sprinkle of cheese. Roll up the tortilla and place seam-side down on a greased baking sheet.Bake for about 15-20 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and the tortillas are crispy. Remove and serve immediately with optional toppings and salsa for dipping.", 0, 172.7, 45, 12, 66.0, "Shrimp, Avocado and Roasted Corn Baked Taquitos", false, false
0, false, true, "Directions In a large salad bowl, combine the apples, pineapple, celery, grapes, carrot and almonds. In a small bowl, combine sour cream, sugar and lemon juice. Add to apple mixture and toss to coat. Chill. Yield: 12 servings. Originally published as Summer Apple Salad in Taste of HomeAugust/September 1993, p59 Nutritional Facts 1 serving (1/2 cup) equals 107 calories, 5 g fat (2 g saturated fat), 10 mg cholesterol, 23 mg sodium, 13 g carbohydrate, 2 g fiber, 2 g protein. Print Add to Recipe Box Email a Friend", 15.0, 60.52, 15, 12, 49.0, "Summer Apple Salad", false, true
0, true, true, "Procedures 1 Place eggs in a large pot and cover with cold water. Cover pot with a lid and bring water to a boil. As soon as water has boiled, turn off heat. Let eggs sit, covered, for 10 minutes. 2 Drain eggs and let cool slightly. Peel eggs and cut in half. 3 Carefully scoop yolk from eggs and place in a medium bowl. Add mayonnaise, mustard, and paprika to bowl. Stir to combine. Season with salt to taste. 4 Divide filling among egg halves. Top each egg half with an olive ring- this will serve as the pupil. 5 Slice the red pepper as thinly as possible. Arrange a few red pepper strips around the olive to resemble veins. Repeat with remaining eggs.", 0, 32.87, 40, 10, 21.0, "Deviled Egg Eyeballs", false, true
15, false, true, "Preheat the oven to 190C/gas 5/fan 170C. Drain the pineapple juice into a medium-sized pan. Blend in the cornflour then stir in the egg yolks, milk and vanilla extract. Heat, stirring all the time with a small whisk or wooden spoon until the mixture boils and thickens. Turn the heat to low and cook gently for one minute, stirring all the time. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in half the sugar. Tip in the pineapple, then slice in the bananas and stir everything together gently. Have a taste add a little sugar if the sauce isnt sweet enough. Spoon the mixture into 4 individual baking dishes or large ovenproof teacups. Bake on a baking sheet for 5 minutes while you make the topping. Whisk the egg whites with an electric hand beater until they hold their shape. Tip in the remaining sugar and whisk until the meringue is glossy. Pile onto the hot desserts and bake for 5 more minutes until billowy and golden.", 20.0, 65.38, 35, 4, 35.0, "Pineapple & banana custard meringues", false, true
6, false, false, "Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mat. Set aside.Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.Place flour, sugar, salt, paprika, garlic powder, pepper and butter in food processor and process for 20 seconds, until all combined. With the food processor running, drizzle in the water until the dough forms a ball.Transfer the dough onto a flat surface and roll out very thin, yet not see-through.Using a pizza cutter, cut the rolled out dough into 1 and 1/2 inch squares. Place squares on prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with additional salt, if you like them salty. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the edges start to turn golden brown.Cool crackers on the sheets.", 10.0, 2.18, 16, 36, 4.0, "Homemade Crackers", false, true
5, true, true, "Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat.Season the shrimp with salt and pepper to taste.Add the shrimp and cook for 3 minutes or until shrimp are pink and opaque.Stir in the garlic, red pepper flakes and lemon zest; cook for 1-2 minutes more.Add in the lemon juice and parsley then serve.", 5.0, 247.71, 10, 4, 76.0, "Spicy Garlic Shrimp", false, false
20, true, true, "Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the chopped strawberries, maple syrup, balsamic vinegar, and coconut oil to a small casserole dish and toss to combine. Roast for 20 minutes, until juices are thick but strawberries still hold their form. Remove from oven and allow strawberries to cool completely to room temperature (Note: you can speed up the process by refrigerating the strawberries but if you leave them in the refrigerator for too long, the coconut oil will harden).Combine all of the ingredients for the coconut milk ice cream in a blender. Blend until smooth. Pour the ice cream base into your ice cream maker, following your ice cream makers instructions (many ice cream makers require you to freeze the bowl overnight). Allow ice cream to churn until very thick, then pour the roasted strawberries (including juices) into the ice cream maker. Continue to churn until ice cream is well-combined and maker begins to bog down.Serve ice cream fresh out of the ice cream maker for a soft serve consistency, or transfer ice cream to a freezer-safe container and freeze 2 to 3 hours, until hard. After frozen, allow ice cream to thaw 15 minutes before scooping into bowls and serving.", 30.0, 265.76, 50, 4, 54.0, "Roasted Strawberry Coconut Milk Ice Cream (Vegan) + Tips for Making Your Homemade Ice Cream Soft", true, true
130, false, true, "Watch how to make this recipe. In a large saute pan over low heat, add oil and butter. When butter is melted, add onions and saute stirring occasionally until golden brown and caramelized, about 35 minutes. Add shallots and some salt and saute for 15 minutes more until onions and shallots are dark brown. Remove from heat and let cool for 5 to 6 minutes, then chop into 1/4-inch pieces. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine sour cream, mayonnaise, celery salt, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Fold in onion mixture. Chill at least 1 hour or overnight, prior to serving.", 20.0, 234.53, 150, 3, 42.0, "French Onion Dip", false, false
50, false, false, "In a deep bowl, beat the eggs and oil for 1 minute and they should get bubbly.Add cake mix powder, vanilla pudding and orange juice. Mix until everything is combined.Add vanilla extract, orange extract and orange zest and mix again until everything is blended properly. You can add chocolate chips or cashews or coconut or cranberries at the point.Pour this batter into an 8×3 round cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 45- 50 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.Add butter and cream cheese in a deep bowl and mix until it’s properly combined and there are no lumps.Add orange zest, orange extract and orange jam. Mix for a few seconds again. Keep in mind over-mixing can cause your frosting to break down.Add powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time and keep mixing until your frosting is smooth and creamy.Spread on your cake immediately or keep it in the refrigerator until needed.Cut out thin round orange slices. Place them on a tray lined with some tissue paper so the juices get absorbed and don’t leak all over your cake.Once your cake has cooled , cut it in half.Fill it with frosting.Gently place the top half of the cake on top of this frosting.Spread some more frosting on top of the cake.Arrange your orange slices in a circular pattern on top of the cake. Sprinkle some orange zest all over the top and add a few leaves wherever you like.", 15.0, 1154.06, 65, 1, 95.0, "How to make orange cake", false, false
0, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners.In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add the melted butter and blend. Add the egg, milk, vanilla and mashed bananas to the flour-and-butter mixture and mix well. Fold the diced bananas, walnuts, granola and coconut into the batter.Spoon the batter into the muffin cups, filling each ¾ full. Top with extra coconut, if desired. Bake 24-26 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of muffin comes out clean. Allow to cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.", 0, 36.88, 45, 12, 32.0, "Banana Coconut Crunch Muffins", false, true
15, true, true, "Line a 13x9-inch rectangular baking pan with parchment paper and set aside.Place raw honey and maple syrup in a small to medium-sized sauce pan over medium heat. Let come to a boil and boil 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and stir in almond butter, coconut oil,sea salt, vanilla, and date paste. Let simmer 2 minutes.Meanwhile, measure out Paleo Flakes, cacao nibs, and chopped almonds in a large bowl and stir to combine. Pour honey mixture over Paleo Flake mixture and stir to combine until well coated. Press into the bottom of lined baking pan. Set aside to cool.In a double boiler or a heat-proof bowl set over a pot of simmering water, melt chocolate. Pour over Paleo Flake mixture to evenly coat top. Let cool on countertop or in fridge. Cut into squares to serve.", 20.0, 151.28, 35, 15, 57.0, "Sink Your Teeth Into Chewy, Chocolatey Paleo Scotcheroos", false, true
10, true, true, "Melt chocolate in double boiler. Make chocolate clusters one of two ways: (1)Mix walnut pieces and pomegranate seeds in with chocolate and put spoonfuls of chocolate mixture on parchment paper lined baking sheet; (2) line mini-muffin tin with paper liners. Spoon a little melted chocolate in the bottom of the liner. Sprinkle a few walnuts and pomegranate seeds on top, then drizzle more melted chocolate on top. Sprinkle another layer of walnuts and pomegranate seeds on top, and finish with a drizzle of melted chocolate.Place in refrigerator until firm.", 10.0, 60.35, 20, 16, 39.0, "A Valentine’s Day Sweet Treat – Easy Dark Chocolate Walnut Pomegranate Clusters", true, true
0, true, true, "Prepare a grill for medium heat (or preheat oven to 400). Combine vinegar, sugar, 1 tsp. salt, and 2 Tbsp. water in a small bowl. Add carrot and let sit until slightly softened, 1520 minutes.Meanwhile, mash anchovy and garlic clove to a paste with the side of a chefs knife. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir in carrot tops, basil, parsley, lemon juice, and 2 Tbsp. oil. Drain carrot and add to dressing along with steak and shallot. Season with salt and pepper and toss just to combine. Drizzle bread with oil on both sides and season with salt. Grill until lightly charred, about 1 minute per side (or toast in oven 68 minutes). Rub toasts with remaining garlic clove, transfer to a platter, and top with tartare and sorrel, if using.", 0, 148.07, 45, 6, 99.0, "Flank Steak Tartare with Carrot-Top Salsa Verde", false, false
0, false, false, "In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook (or in a large bowl if mixing and kneading by hand), combine 2 cups of the flour, yeast, salt, herbs, and garlic.Heat the water and olive oil in a small saucepan until steaming. Remove from heat and let sit for 5 minutes, or until temperature is between 120-130 degrees F. Slowly add the water and oil to the dry ingredients, while mixing on low speed. Use a spatula to scrape down the bowl as needed.With the mixer on medium low, add the remaining flour a 1/4 cup at a time, mixing until incorporated between each addition. Continue adding flour until the dough clears the bowl and is sticky to the touch without coming off in your hands. Knead with a dough hook or by hand until smooth and elastic.Shape dough into a ball and place in a greased bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Put in a warm place and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.Gently push down on the center of the dough to release the gases and knead by hand on a clean surface a few times. Let dough sit for a few minutes, then divide dough in half. Wrap one half in plastic and store for another use (dough will keep in the fridge for 5 days and 2 months in the freezer).Divide the other half of dough again into 4 pieces. Roll each piece into a rough 6-inch circle. Place on a parchment lined sheet and brush with olive oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes while you prepare the toppings.In a skillet over the stove, cook the sausage until browned. Transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain.Add a tablespoon of olive oil to skillet, followed by the peppers and tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Cook over medium high heat until softened, about 5 minutes. Alternatively, you can cook the peppers and tomatoes on the grill until slightly charred. Preheat the grill to medium high. Gently flip the pizza dough onto the prepared grill, oil-side down. Brush the top with olive oil. Close the grill and let cook for 2-3 minutes. Watch it carefully to make sure it doesn't burn.Flip the pizzas over and immediately cover with toppings - mozzarella, sausage, peppers and tomatoes. Turn grill off and cover. When cheese is melted, about 2-3 minutes, remove pizzas from the grill. Top with basil leaves and fresh ground pepper.", 0, 267.15, 45, 4, 88.0, "Grilled Pizzas with Sausage, Peppers, Roasted Tomatoes and Mozzarella", false, false
10, false, true, "Brush the corn with olive oil to lightly coat. Heat a gas grill over medium high and grill the corn, turning occasionally, until it looks charred in spots and the kernels are tender.In a small bowl, stir together the crema, mayonnaise, and cilantro. Slather some of this mixture on the hot corn, and then sprinkle on cotija and chile-lime seasoning, to taste. Serve with fresh lime.", 10.0, 206.89, 20, 4, 49.0, "Chile-lime Grilled Corn (and a giveaway)", false, false
6, false, false, "Whisk together flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together buttermilk, egg, and melted butter or cooking oil in a 2-cup measuring cup. Pour buttermilk mixture slowly into the flour mixture, stirring to combine as you pour. Allow to rest for about 3 minutes.Heat griddle or skillet over medium-low heat. Add butter to griddle or skillet to make sure well coated. Scoop pancake batter onto prepared griddle or skillet by about cup. Allow to cook until the edges of the pancake have lost their sheen and bubbles have formed in the center of the top of the pancake, about 2-3 minutes. Flip the pancake and allow to cook about 2-3 minutes on the other side. Remove from griddle or skillet and serve warm or place on a rimmed sheet pan in a 200 F oven to keep warm for serving.", 5.0, 49.32, 11, 4, 80.0, "Perfect Buttermilk Pancake", false, true
10, false, true, "Directions Combine the chili sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, pepper flakes and 1/4 teaspoon salt; brush over steaks. Broil steaks 4-6 in. from the heat for 5-7 minutes on each side or until meat reaches desired doneness (for medium-rare, a meat thermometer should read 145°; medium, 160°; well-done, 170°). Meanwhile, in a large skillet, saute onion and green and yellow peppers in oil until tender. Add the garlic, pepper and remaining salt; cook 1 minute longer. In a small bowl, combine sour cream and horseradish. Serve steaks with pepper mixture and sauce. Yield: 4 servings. Originally published as Chili Steak & Peppers in Simple & DeliciousAugust/September 2010, p31 Nutritional Facts 1 steak with 1/3 cup pepper mixture and 1 tablespoon sauce equals 265 calories, 9 g fat (3 g saturated fat), 62 mg cholesterol, 491 mg sodium, 12 g carbohydrate, 2 g fiber, 32 g protein. Diabetic Exchanges: 4 lean meat, 1 vegetable, 1 fat. Print Add to Recipe Box Email a Friend", 20.0, 230.34, 30, 4, 94.0, "Chili Steak & Peppers", false, false
180, true, true, "Soak dry mushrooms in water: Place dry mushrooms to soak in a bowl with 2 cups of warm water. Set aside. Slowly cook minced onions until deep golden: Heat olive oil in a medium, thick-bottomed pot (4 or 5 quart) over medium heat. Add the minced onions and stir to coat with the olive oil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions turn a deep golden color, about 30 to 40 minutes. Adjust the heat lower if necessary to keep the onions from drying out. Add carrots, celery, garlic, herbs in stages: Add the minced carrots and cook for 5-6 more minutes. Add the celery and cook until soft, about 10 more minutes. Add the garlic, parsley, rosemary, thyme and marjoram. Cook for 4-5 minutes more. Remove the porcini from the soaking liquid, reserving the liquid. The easiest way to do this we found is to pour the porcini and soaking liquid through a coffee filter, into a bowl or measuring cup. This helps remove any grit that may be lingering in the soaking liquid. Finely chop the mushrooms and add to the vegetables in the pot. Add wine: Push the vegetables to one side of the pot and increase the heat to high. Add the 1/2 cup of red wine to the side of the pot without the vegetables and cook on high heat for 2-3 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and simmer: Add the tomato sauce, 1 1/2 cups of the mushroom soaking liquid, the bouillon cube (break it up with your fingers as you add it), and the bay leaf to the pot. Bring to a simmer and reduce the heat to low. Add ground black pepper to taste. Cover the pot and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours. Discard the bay leaf. Serve over polenta or toss with ravioli or other pasta.", 30.0, 145.84, 210, 8, 67.0, "Mushroom Sugo", false, false
10, false, true, "oil: Heat the oil in a 3-quart thick-bottomed saucepan on medium high heat. If you are using coconut oil, allow all of the solid oil to melt. Put 3 or 4 popcorn kernels into the oil. Wait for the popcorn kernels to pop. When the kernels pop, add the rest of the 1/3 cup of popcorn kernels in an even layer. Cover the pot, remove from heat and count 30 seconds. (Count out loud! It's fun to do with kids.) This method first heats the oil to the right temperature, then waiting 30 seconds brings all of the other kernels to a near-popping temperature so that when they are put back on the heat, they all pop at about the same time. Return the pan to the heat. The popcorn should begin popping soon, and all at once. Once the popping starts in earnest, gently shake the pan by moving it back and forth over the burner. Tip: As the popcorn pops, try to keep the lid slightly ajar to let the steam from the popcorn release (the popcorn will be drier and crisper). Once the popping slows to several seconds between pops, remove the pan from the heat, remove the lid, and dump the popcorn immediately into a wide bowl. With this technique, nearly all of the kernels pop, and nothing burns. Melt butter in the empty hot pan: If you are adding butter, you can easily melt it by placing the butter in the now empty, but hot pan. Tip: if you let the butter get just a little bit brown, it will add an even more intense, buttery flavor to the butter and to your popcorn. Just drizzle the melted butter over the popcorn and toss to distribute. the popcorn with salt to taste. Fun toppings for the popcorn - Spanish smoked paprika, nutritional yeast, cayenne powder, chili pepper, curry powder, cumin, grated Parmesan cheese.", 0.0, 18.49, 10, 4, 12.0, "Perfect Popcorn", false, true
20, false, true, "Rub butter and sugar together, then add the egg yolk. Add the flour, previously sifted with salt, and the lemon zest.Knead the dough quickly, form a ball and flatten it slightly, then wrap it in plastic. Let the dough rest in the fridge for a few hours, or even until the next day.Now prepare the jam. In a saucepan heat the peach jam with red wine and cook for about 10 minutes over low heat, until the alcohol has evaporated. Allow it to cool completely.When it's time to prepare the pie, remove the pastry from the fridge and knead it until easy to roll out. Roll out the dough into a 5 mm thick sheet with the help of a rolling pin and a some flour.Grease and flour a 18 cm round baking tray. Line the tray with the short pastry and cut out the excess pastry. Spread the red wine peach jam over the pie.Roll out the remaining pastry and cut out many strips to decorate the pie.Bake the pie in a preheated oven to 180C for about 20 minutes, until golden. Allow it to cool completely before slicing it.", 60.0, 104.08, 80, 8, 7.0, "Summer with Juls’ Kitchen. Peach jam pie", false, true
0, true, true, "Peel one kiwi and cut it into chunksMash the kiwi as finely as you canIn a regular glass or champagne glass, place the kiwi at the bottom. I split it into 2 equal parts and put it into 2 glasses. If you don't like chunks of kiwi in the drink, strain the kiwi and squeeze out as much of the juice from the pulp as possible. Split the kiwi juice into 2 equal parts and add it to the glassesPlace 1/4 cup of frozen orange juice on top of the kiwi in each cupAdd 1 tsp of granulated sugar in each cupTop it with your favorite lemon and lime carbonated beverageMix well with a spoon until the orange juice has dissolved with the drinkServe immediately", 0, 55.27, 5, 2, 63.0, "Kiwi Orange Spritzer (Mocktail)", true, true
0, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare 16-18 baking cups with liners, or mist with cooking spray.In a medium bowl, whisk together the dry ingredients (flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt) until blended.In a different large bowl, whisk together all remaining ingredients (pumpkin, butter, eggs, vanilla) until well combined. Add this mixture to the dry ingredients, and stir until just combined.Fill the baking cups with the batter until they are each 2/3 full. Top with a tablespoon or so of the crumbled streusel topping. Then bake for 15-20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the middle of a muffin comes out clean. Let cool, then drizzle with the glaze.Use a fork or your fingers to mix together all of the ingredients until they are evenly combined and crumbly.Whisk together the butter, powdered sugar and 1 tablespoon of milk until combined and smooth. Add additional tablespoon(s) of milk until the glaze is thin enough to drizzle. You can either drizzle by using a fork and swinging it back and forth over the muffins. Or transfer it to a pastry bag or a ziplock bag with a tiny corner snipped off, and drizzle it that way. OR, you can even just dunk the tops of the muffins straight into the bowl of glaze. Whatever sounds best to you!", 0, 35.68, 45, 16, 34.0, "Pumpkin Streusel Muffins", false, true
0, true, true, "Add all ingredients to a blender and blend until smooth.Enjoy!", 5.0, 217.63, 5, 1, 97.0, "Kale & Kiwi Supercharged Smoothie // NITK Wellness Program January Promo", false, false
0, true, false, "Procedures 1 Preheat oven to 350°. Spread flour and ground almonds on baking sheet. Place in oven until flour and almonds and smell toasted, 5 to 7 minutes. Flour and nuts will clump slightly. Let cool. 2 Lower oven to 300°. Mix flour and almonds with sugar, cinnamon, and salt. Using wooden spoon, incorporate lard into mixture. Add egg, orange zest, and brandy. Stir until incorporated. 3 Form into balls, about 1 inch in diameter. Place balls on baking sheets about 1 inch apart. Bake cookies until bottoms are browned, about 15 minutes. Let cool on wire rack. Dust with confectioner's sugar. Store in airtight container.", 0, 9.75, 45, 36, 12.0, "The Nasty Bits: Spanish Lard Cookies (Polvorones)", false, true
20, true, false, "Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Line 18 standard muffin tin cups with paper liners.In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt.In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the oil, eggs, and pineapple. Add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Using a spatula, stir in the carrots, raisins, and coconut. Scoop the batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each three-quarters full.Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer the muffins to a wire rack and let cool. Serve warm or at room temperature. The muffins will keep in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 days.", 10.0, 22.85, 30, 18, 45.0, "Morning Glory Muffins", false, true
0, false, true, "Combine all ingredients except almonds in a large serving bowl.Toss all veggies.Refrigerate until ready to serve. Make dressing ahead and let it chill for at least 3 hours or overnight.Add dressing just before serving.", 20.0, 188.04, 20, 10, 83.0, "Broccoli-Cauliflower Salad", false, false
60, false, false, "Cut a 6 inch round piece of parchment paper and place in the bottom of the cake pan. Place the cake collar along the inside edges of the cake pan. You can use a small piece of tape to secure the collar if needed. The cake collar will allow you to build your cake layers to at least 3 inches and make it easier to remove from the cake pan.Using about 22 lady fingers, arrange and/or cut the lady fingers so that they fit into the cake pan to create a 6 inch circle shape for each layer, you will need 3 layers. Lay the layers out on a sheet pan in the circle shape so it is easy to create the layers when you are ready to assemble the cake. Set aside.In a small sauce pan, bring sugar, water, honey and rum to a boil. Reduce heat to low and stir to combine, simmering for 2 minutes. Add the matcha green tea powder, and whisk to combine until dissolved. Cool the syrup completely in the refrigerator.In a small bowl, which together 1 tablespoon of matcha powder and 1 teaspoons of hot water until tea is dissolved. Set aside.In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the egg yolks and sugar for 3 minutes on medium high speed, until thick and pale in color, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed.Add the mascarpone and beat until just combined, about 1 minute on medium high speed, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed.Add the dissolved matcha green tea mixture to the bowl, and beat until combined. Set aside.In a large bowl, whisk 1 cup of chilled whipping cream until medium peaks are formed. Set aside.In 3 increments, quickly and gently fold in the whipped cream into the matcha mascarpone cream mixture, trying not to lose the volume.In a medium sized bowl, whisk the egg whites until soft peaks are formed. Quickly fold into the matcha mascarpone cream mixture, trying to not lose the volume.Dip the lady finger, one at a time for about 10 seconds (soaked but not soggy), into the chilled green tea syrup. Drain off any excess syrup and arrange the ladyfingers in the bottom of the 6 inch round cake pan, creating a circle shape with the soaked lady fingers. Spread 1/3 of the match mascarpone cream on top of the first layer, smoothing the surface. Dip the remaining ladyfingers and repeat with 2 more layers. Smooth the surface of the last layer of matcha cream. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, overnight, or until firm. Carefully remove the cake from the mold, using the cake collar to help slide the cake out of the pan. Place the cake on a plate or serving platter. Remove the cake collar. Arrange the ladyfingers around the outside of the cake, pressing gently to the side of the cake to adhere the ladyfingers. Right before serving, dust the top of the cake with the match green tea powder, and then dust with powdered sugar.Serve and enjoy!", 120.0, 792.51, 180, 6, 94.0, "Matcha Green Tea Tiramisu", false, false
20, false, true, "<p>Brown the pieces of bacon in a 12-in. frying pan.When browned and crispy, drain on a paper towel, discarding all but 2 tbsp. bacon fat in pan.Add the beans, chiles, spices, and most of the green onions in the pan over medium heat, stirring often, until simmering.Make 4 wells in beans with a spoon and crack an egg into each hole. Cook, covered, just until eggs set, about 4 minutes.Top with cheese, remaining green onions, tomato, cilantro, avocado, and reserved bacon.Serve with tortillas and salsa.</p>", 10.0, 193.71, 30, 4, 63.0, "Mexican Eggs", false, false
0, false, true, "1. In a medium saucepan, combine the lemon juice, lemon zest, and sugar. Heat over medium heat until simmering. Turn heat to low.2. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks in a medium sized bowl until smooth. Slowly pour half of the citrus mixture into the yolks while vigorously whisking. Return the mixture to the saucepan.3. Continue cooking over low heat while whisking until mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon. About 5-10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the butter 1 tablespoon at a time.4. Cool to room temperature. Store refrigerated in an airtight container for about a week.", 0, 487.76, 45, 1, 79.0, "Lemon Curd", false, true
90, false, true, "Put the lobster tails (shells on!) in a saucepan with the water and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and let cook for about 30 minutes. Remove the tails from the water and let cool. Set the lobster broth aside for later.Meanwhile in a large soup pot over medium heat, add the olive oil, onion and garlic. Cook until the onion is soft and translucent. Add the celery and cook a few minutes longer until it is tender, then add the carrots and cook a couple more minutes.Now pour the lobster broth into the pot and add the potatoes, bay leaf and bouillion. Bring to a boil, cover, then lower heat to a simmer and cook for about 30 minutes or until the potatoes are fall apart tender. Take about 2 cups of this hot potato mixture (potatoes and all) and put in the blender with the cream cheese, half & half, cornstarch, pesto, seasonings and cheese. Blend until smooth, then pour the creamy mixture back into the soup pot.Crack the lobster tails to release the meat of the lobster, then chop it into small chunks.To the soup pot, add in the seafood and bacon, lower the heat, stir and let cook for about 10 minutes longer or until the fish and shrimp are just cooked through. Scoop into bowls and enjoy!", 15.0, 736.79, 105, 4, 85.0, "Feast of the Seven Fishes Chowder", false, false
65, false, true, "Watch how to make this recipe. Completely melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Add the cream to a medium bowl and pour in the chocolate. Whisk the mixture very slowly creating a shiny, elastic emulsion. Refrigerate until firm. Remove the chilled ganache from the refrigerator. Scoop out little amounts onto a parchment or waxed paper-lined baking sheet. Chill in the refrigerator for about 10 minutes. Immediately roll out each scoop into golf ball-sized pieces. Roll in the various coatings and arrange on a serving tray or store in the refrigerator, covered, until ready to serve.", 30.0, 321.2, 95, 4, 89.0, "Truffles", false, false
0, true, false, "1. Preheat the oven to 350F and line a 9-by-5-inch loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on two sides; coat well with cooking spray.2. Whisk pumpkin puree, vegetable oil, light brown sugar, water, eggs, and vanilla in a large bowl. Separately, whisk flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, and salt. Fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients.3. Add the batter to the prepared pan and bake 60 to 70 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean. Let cool 1 hour, then remove the loaf from the pan and transfer to a rack to cool completely.", 0, 51.88, 45, 8, 47.0, "Pumpkin Quick Bread", false, true
0, false, true, "Preheat your oven to 375°F. Lightly grease a Doughnut Pan.In a large bowl, whisk together all of the dry ingredients, minus the granulated sugar.Combine the granulated sugar and lemon zest in a small bowl. Using your fingers, rub the sugar and zest together, releasing the oils into the sugar, giving you a better lemon flavour. Add to dry ingredients, and whisk to combine.In a smaller bowl, whisk together all of the wet ingredients.Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until fully combined.Spoon mixture into a large resealable plastic bag. Cut the corner off, and pipe the batter into the prepared doughnut pan.Bake in preheated oven for 12-14 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the thickest part of the doughnut comes out clean.Let doughnuts sit for 5 minutes before turning them out onto a cooling rack. Allow to cool completely before frosting.In a small bowl, whisk together all the ingredients until smooth.If using a thin glaze, dip the doughnuts into the glaze while they are still hot. Set on a cooling rack over a sheet of waxed paper to cool.If using a thicker frosting, wait until doughnuts are completely cool before frosting.Store doughnuts in an airtight container on the counter for up to 3 days.", 0, 52.98, 45, 6, 26.0, "Gluten-free Baked Lemon Doughnuts", false, false
0, true, true, "Blend all ingredients until smooth. Serve cold, optionally topped with cranberries and flax seeds.", 5.0, 126.86, 5, 1, 99.0, "Cranberry Smoothie: A Holiday Detox", true, true
0, true, true, "Whisk together all ingredients, adding mayo last, a tablespoon at a time to desired consistency", 3.0, 42.69, 3, 4, 7.0, "This Is A Test…", false, true
12, false, false, "1. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.2. In a separate, larger bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, peanut butter, egg and vanilla. Whisk until peanut butter is broken up and mixed well into the other liquids. Stir in the dry ingredients and mix just until moistened. Don't mess with the batter beyond that.3. Heat a large skillet or griddle to medium heat. Coat with nonstick spray or a little bit of butter. Spoon about 1/3 cup of batter onto the heated pan and spread gently into a circle (I like to use a spring ice cream scoop- it's the perfect size). If you're using chocolate chips, sprinkle a few on top of the batter. Cook until bubbles begin to appear on the surface and the edges are dry. Flip and cook the other side until golden brown and cooked through in the middle. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve with syrup.", 10.0, 76.52, 22, 6, 56.0, "Fluffy Peanut Butter Pancakes", false, false
0, true, true, "Preheat oven to 375°F and line baking sheets with parchment paper.In a large bowl, whisk together 1 cup granulated sugar, oil, eggs, and molasses.and vanilla.In a separate mixing bowl, whisk together the flours and starches, xanthan gum, baking soda, spices, and salt.Mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients, and stir until fully combined.Roll 1 teaspoon of dough into a ball, and roll in the remaining sugar to coat. Place on prepared baking sheet, leaving 2-inches between cookies.Bake in preheated oven for 8-10 minutes. Allow cookies to remain on cookie sheet for 2 minutes before transferring them to a cooling rack to cool completely. Once cooled, store cookies in an airtight container.", 0, 5.05, 45, 100, 6.0, "Crisp Gluten Free Gingersnap Cookies", false, true
480, false, true, "Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the oil. Brown each side of the meat and then sprinkle the salt and italian seasoning all over, place into the slow cooker.Chop the potatoes into 2\" chunks and sprinkle around the roast with the carrots. Pour in the beef broth and place the butter on top. Cook for 8 hours on low. Use the juices as an au jus or heat in a pan and whisk in corn starch to thicken into a gravy.", 5.0, 211.82, 485, 8, 90.0, "Slow Cooker Roast", false, false
0, false, false, "For the cauliflower sauce: Saute the garlic with the butter in a large nonstick skillet over low heat until the garlic is soft and fragrant. Bring the cauliflower in the water or broth for 7-10 minutes or until cauliflower is fork tender. Do not drain. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the cauliflower pieces to a blender or food processor. Add 1 cup vegetable broth or cooking liquid, sauteed garlic/butter, salt, pepper, and milk. Blend or puree for several minutes or until very smooth.For the lasagna: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Boil the lasagna noodles for a few minutes until they are just starting to soften but still stiff and cool enough to handle.Spread a spoonful of cauliflower sauce on the bottom of a 9 inch square glass baking dish with a drizzle of olive oil to prevent sticking. Layer lasagna noodles, ½ cup sauce, one fourth of the veggies, a good sprinkle of salt, ½ cup cheese, and ¼ cup sauce (I put sauce in each layer twice - once under the veggies and once on top). Repeat layers 4 times, ending with noodles. Cover the top noodle layer with ½ cup sauce and the remaining 1 cup of cheese.Cover with greased foil and bake for 25 minutes. The liquid should be bubbling along the sides of the dish. Remove the foil and bake uncovered for another 10-20 minutes or until the cheese is golden brown to your liking. Cool for a few minutes before cutting and serving.", 0, 359.1, 45, 9, 77.0, "Veggie Alfredo Lasagna", false, false
45, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350F. Prepare your enchilada sauce. In large saut pan, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add onion and saut for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add diced chicken and green chiles, and season with a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Saut the mixture for 6-8 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until the chicken is cooked through. Add in the beans and stir until evenly combined. Remove pan from heat and set aside. To assemble the enchiladas, set up an assembly line including: tortillas, enchilada sauce, chicken mixture, and cheese. Lay out a tortilla, and spread two tablespoons of sauce over the surface of the tortilla. Add a generous spoonful of the chicken mixture in a line down the center of the tortilla, then sprinkle with 1/3 cup cheese. Roll up tortilla and place in a greased 9 x 13-inch baking dish. Assemble the remaining enchiladas. Then spread any remaining sauce evenly over the top of the enchiladas, followed by any extra cheese. Bake uncovered for 20 minutes, until the enchiladas are cooked through and the tortillas are slightly crispy on the outside. Remove pan from the oven and serve the enchiladas while theyre nice and warm, garnished with lots of toppings. Store any leftovers in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.", 15.0, 188.33, 60, 8, 74.0, "Best Chicken Enchiladas Ever!", false, false
0, false, false, "Combine apples, 1/4 cup sugar and water in saucepan. Cook until apples are soft. Pour apples and 3/4 cup liquid into a mixing bowl.In a separate bowl combine 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and vanilla in saucepan. Add in 3/4 cup liquid from apples. Bring to a boil, stirring until thickened. Add in butter and apples. Stir thoroughly making sure apples get good and coated. Pour into unbaked pie shell.", 30.0, 37.72, 30, 6, 7.0, "Homebaked Apple Pie Filling", false, true
15, false, true, "Heat oven to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6. Tip the pork, onion, half the parsley and the lemon zest into a food processor with lots of pepper and some salt if you wish, then pulse until well mixed. Shape the meat into 25-30 balls and put in a large roasting tin. Arrange the mushrooms in a separate flame-proof roasting tin, sprinkle with garlic and drizzle with the oil, salt and pepper. Roast the meatballs for 25 mins, adding the mushrooms on the shelf below after 10 mins. Transfer mushroom tin to hob. Stir in sherry and crme frache and bring to a gentle simmer. Stir in the meatballs, then spoon it all onto a large warm dish. Serve sprinkled with the remaining parsley, roughly chopped.", 25.0, 361.32, 40, 6, 83.0, "Roasted pork meatballs with garlic mushrooms", false, false
25, false, false, "Pre-heat the oven to 180°c and line 3 baking trays with baking paper.In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, cream, butter and maple syrup and bring to the boil.Allow to cook until the mixture turns golden brown.Add the almonds, cherries and flour and mix together quickly to coat in the buttery-sugar mixture.Place spoonfuls of the mixture on the baking trays, making sure you leave sufficient space in between each Florentine as they will spread quite a bit.Place the trays in the oven and allow to bake for 10-15 minutes until the cookies are a deep amber colour.Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely.Optional: Melt the chocolate and spread onto the back of each Florentine. Allow to set then store in the fridge until ready to eat.", 10.0, 62.75, 35, 20, 21.0, "Chocolate Florentines", false, true
0, false, false, "Preheat a nonstick pan over medium high heat and add olive oil.Add onions and sauté for 2 - 3 minutes to soften. Add mushrooms, zucchini, thyme, sage, rosemary, and garlic. Saute for another 10 minutes to cook vegetables until crisp-tender.Add tomatoes, green olives and squeeze of lemon juice. Stir together, then add cooked quinoa.Combine Greek yogurt, remaining squeeze of lemon and garlic in another bowl.Warm flour tortillas in the microwave for a few seconds, or in a nonstick pan over medium heat.Fill with quinoa mixture, a dollop of Greek yogurt and feta cheese.", 0, 205.79, 45, 6, 83.0, "Mediterranean Zucchini and Quinoa Wraps with Heirloom Tomatoes and Feta", false, true
35, false, false, "Watch how to make this recipe. In a medium bowl, using a hand beater, beat the 2 tablespoons of butter, and the cream cheese until combined. Add the marmalade and mix until incorporated, then fold in the strawberries and guava shells, using a rubber scraper. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large tip. Make an incision (pocket) on the crust side of the 4 pieces of bread about 3/4 of the way through. The incision will allow you to stuff the pocket. Leave the slices with the incision, covered, at room temperature before stuffing. Gently stuff the room temperature slices with the filling. Refrigerate the stuffed slices with the pocket opening facing up for 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Egg batter: Add all the ingredients to a medium shallow bowl and mix well. French Toast: Add the corn cereal and almonds to a sheet pan and crush together. Dip the bread slices in the egg batter and then into the cereal mixture. Put a large skillet on medium-high heat and add 3 to 4 tablespoons butter. When the butter has melted add the stuffed bread slices and brown on 1 side, then flip and put the skillet in oven for 8 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven and transfer the toast to a serving platter. Drizzle with guava marmalade and a dusting of powdered sugar before serving.", 30.0, 319.14, 65, 4, 89.0, "La Isla's Stuffed French Toast", false, true
20, true, true, "Place eggs in a pot and cover eggs with cold water. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer for 15 minutes. Place pot with eggs in it under cold running water for about 2 minutes. Let the eggs cool completely.Peel the shell off of the eggs and cut the eggs horizontally. In a bowl, add the egg yolks, mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar,cajun seasoning and smoked paprika. Mix until smooth. Taste test it. Spoon the mixture in the egg halves and top with shrimp.", 10.0, 26.43, 30, 10, 15.0, "Cajun Style Deviled Eggs #SundaySupper", false, false
0, true, true, "Peel, core, and slice apples. Place all ingredients in microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 15 minutes, stirring each 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and let cool or serve warm. Kitchen-Friendly View", 0, 84.94, 45, 8, 23.0, "Spiced Apples", false, false
10, true, false, "In a skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the vegetable oil (or coconut oil) over medium low heat. Add the egg to the pan and scramble until cooked. Remove the cooked egg and set aside.In a bowl, whisk together the garlic, lime juice, soy sauce, chili sauce, honey (or brown sugar), and the hoisin sauce. Turn the heat up to medium and place the pan back on the burner. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil to the pan. Pour in the sauce and cook for 2 minutes. Then stir in the flour and water mixture. Stir to combine and let the sauce cook for about 3 minutes until thickened and slightly reduced.Add in the zucchini noodles. Toss to coat in the sauce and cook for an additional 2-3 minutes until the zucchini is tender. Garnish with chopped peanuts, cilantro or green onion. Serve.", 15.0, 146.11, 25, 2, 71.0, "Zucchini Pad Thai", false, false
0, true, false, "Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.In a TALL mug/glass, break up the chocolate bars into small pieces so they melt easily and add 1 tablespoon of shortening. Microwave on high for 30 seconds. Remove and stir for about a minute. The chocolate will continue to melt as you stir. If needed, microwave in 30 second increments until all is melted and smooth. Fill a pan with warm water and put the mug/glass into the pan to hold the chocolate temperature.Take a pretzel rod and dip into chocolate.Shake the pretzel a bit to remove any excess chocolate.Immediately cover the chocolate with sprinkles, and M&Ms before the chocolate hardens.Place each pretzel on parchment paper lined baking sheet. Melt the pink,and yellow candy melts in separate microwavable bowls in the microwave for 30 seconds, stirring until smooth. Drizzle each color on top of cupcake using a fork, and refrigerate for about 10 minutes for the chocolate/candy melts to harden before serving.", 30.0, 71.59, 30, 24, 50.0, "Spring Chocolate Covered Pretzels", false, false
0, true, true, "Soak cashews for 1-2 hours. Drain and rinse.Soak mango for 20-30 minutes until slightly softened, but not mushy.In a food processor combine all ingredients except honey. Pulse to combine until a sticky dough is formed. Taste for sweetness and add honey if desired.Spoon out about a tablespoon amount of mixture at a time and roll into a ball with your hands. Dip into dark chocolate and place onparchmentpaper. Store in the fridge for up to 2 weeks.", 0, 46.31, 45, 20, 27.0, "Mango Cashew Energy Balls", false, true
15, true, true, "Cut the chard stalks into batons and roughly shred the leaves. Heat half the olive oil in a large saut pan. Add the chard stalks, garlic, chilli and a splash of water. Cook over a low heat for 8-10 mins until softened, then add the leaves and cook until completely wilted. Prepare the lentils following pack instructions. Take the chard off the heat and stir through the lentils. Season, dress with more olive oil and the lemon juice, then serve.", 10.0, 73.55, 25, 4, 99.0, "Quick braised chard & lentils", true, true
25, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees.If using fresh spinach, steam over boiling water until tender, about 3-5 minutes. Drain spinach well.In a medium pot add chicken breasts, chicken stock and enough water to cover chicken. Bring to a boil and turn off the heat. Let chicken breasts sit in hot liquid for 15 minutes. Remove chicken to your cutting board and discard liquid. With two forks pull chicken apart to shred. You should have about 1 ½ cups shredded chicken.Place chicken in medium bowl with drained spinach and chopped scallions. Set aside.In another bowl, add sour cream, yogurt, flour, cumin, salt, milk and chili peppers. Mix to combine. Add half of this sauce mixture to spinach mixture and hold the rest. Mix spinach mixture to combine sauce.Lay out 6 tortilla shells and divide spinach mixture between the six shells. Roll to seam side down.Spray a 9x13-inch glass baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. Place the six rolled enchiladas in the prepared pan seam side down and cover with the remaining half of the sauce. Place baking dish in oven uncovered and cook for 25 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately top with shredded cheese. Let sit 10 minutes to melt cheese. If needed, place back in oven for a few more minutes.Serve with diced tomatoes, additional yogurt and chopped scallions.", 20.0, 288.32, 45, 6, 98.0, "Skinny Creamy Chicken Enchiladas", false, false
45, true, true, "1. Place the lentils, turmeric, salt and water in a large saucepan. Bring it to boil, skimming off any surface scum that collects on the top. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the lentils are cooked, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl. Cover the bowl and keep warm.2. In a medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and sauté until golden brown. Add the cumin seeds—they should sizzle upon contact with the hot oil. Quickly add the onion and zucchini and cook for 10 to 15 minutes.3. Add the ground coriander and cumin and continue to cook until the zucchini is cooked, about 10 minutes.4. Remove the pan form the heat, add the paprika, and immediately pour over the hot lentils. Swirl lightly to mix and sprinkle on the fresh coriander leaves. Serve with your choice of Indian breads or rice.", 15.0, 59.89, 60, 6, 63.0, "Zucchini with Lentils and Roasted Garlic", true, true
0, false, false, "Directions In a large bowl, combine the milk, pineapple and lemon juice. Fold in whipped topping. Pour into prepared crust. Chill until ready to serve. Yield: 8 servings. Originally published as Creamy Pineapple Pie in Taste of HomeJune/July 1993, p13 Nutritional Facts 1 serving (1 piece) equals 367 calories, 14 g fat (9 g saturated fat), 17 mg cholesterol, 185 mg sodium, 54 g carbohydrate, 1 g fiber, 5 g protein. Print Add to Recipe Box Email a Friend", 10.0, 88.26, 10, 8, 43.0, "Creamy Pineapple Pie", false, false
30, false, true, "In a medium skillet, melt 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Add onions and saute for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until very soft. Splash in wine, broth, and Worcestershire. Cook for another 5 minutes, or until liquid is cooked down. Set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Throw in mushrooms and toss around for 2 minutes, just to start the cooking process. Sprinkle mushrooms with salt. Place mushroom caps face down in a baking dish. Heap cavity with sauteed mushrooms, then sprinkle Gruyere over the top. Bake at 10 minutes on 325 degrees. Turn on broiler and broil for a couple of minutes, until the top of the Gruyere starts to bubble and slightly turn brown. Sprinkle minced parsley over the top and serve.", 20.0, 90.03, 50, 8, 57.0, "French Onion Soup Stuffed Mushrooms", false, false
0, false, false, "Sift flours, baking soda, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Set aside.Using a mixer fitted with paddle attachment, cream butter and sugars together until very light, about 5 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla. Reduce speed to low, add dry ingredients and mix until just combined, 5 to 10 seconds. Drop chocolate pieces in and incorporate them without breaking them. Press plastic wrap against dough and refrigerate for 24 to 36 hours. Dough may be used in batches, and can be refrigerated for up to 72 hours.When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a nonstick baking mat. Set aside.Scoop 6 3 1/2-ounce mounds of dough (the size of generous golf balls) onto baking sheet, making sure to turn horizontally any chocolate pieces that are poking up; it will make for a more attractive cookie. Sprinkle lightly with sea salt and bake until golden brown but still soft, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer sheet to a wire rack for 10 minutes, then slip cookies onto another rack to cool a bit more. Repeat with remaining dough, or reserve dough, refrigerated, for baking remaining batches the next day. Eat warm, with a big napkin.", 0, 52.38, 45, 12, 16.0, "New York Times’ Best Chocolate Chip Cookies", false, false
0, false, true, "Using a pastry brush, brush maple syrup around rim of 16-ounce glass. Dip rim in hazelnuts, lightly patting so nuts adhere to rim.Place liqueur or flavored syrup, and milk, into glass and stir until very well combined. While stirring vigorously, slowly add club soda until drink comes to top of glass.", 5.0, 146.08, 5, 1, 41.0, "Hazelnut Egg Cream", false, false
45, false, false, "1. For the marinade: combine all of the ingredients except the chicken until evenly combined. Add the chicken, turn to coat, cover, and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours. 2. When ready to cook, heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange a rack in the upper third of the oven. Nest a cooling rack inside a rimmed baking sheet lined with aluminum foil, set aside. 3. Combine the cornmeal, cornflakes, cheese, oil, salt, black pepper, and cayenne in a shallow bowl and mix until well combined; set aside. Whisk together the eggs in a shallow bowl until evenly combined; set aside. 4. To coat the chicken, remove it from the marinade and let any excess drip off. Dip the chicken in the beaten eggs then in the cornflake mixture, turning to coat all over and pressing to help it adhere. Place the chicken pieces on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with remaining chicken. Let the chicken rest on the baking sheet for 15 minutes before baking. 5. Bake until the coating is golden and crispy, the juices of the chicken run clear when poked, and the internal temperature is 160 degrees F, 40-45 minutes. Note-you can coat the chicken and return it to the fridge and let it sit for up to 4 hours before cooking. Just let it sit at room temperature for 15 minutes before baking so it cooks more evenly.", 15.0, 190.15, 60, 6, 78.0, "Rosemary-Lemon Oven-Fried Chicken", false, false
0, false, true, "Cream the cheese in an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until just smooth. Add the sour cream, lemon juice, dill, horseradish, salt and pepper, and mix. Add the smoked salmon and mix well. Chill and serve with crudites and/or crackers. Photograph by Quentin Bacon", 10.0, 772.38, 10, 1, 82.0, "Smoked Salmon Dip", false, false
50, false, false, "To make the cake:Preheat oven to 350F. Grease a 9- or 10-cup Bundt pan.In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, 1 cup sugar, baking powder, salt, and pudding mix. Add the butter, oil, eggs, vanilla, and sour cream. Mix well. The dough will be thick.In a separate bowl, mix 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon. Gently fold into the cake batter. Do not mix thoroughly, but leave swirls of cinnamon sugar in the batter.Transfer half of the cake batter to the prepared pan.To make the filling:Mix the brown sugar, cinnamon, and pecans. Sprinkle over the batter in the pan. Scoop the remaining cake batter over the filling and smooth the top.Bake 45-50 minutes, or until a pick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool in the pan on a wire rack for 20 minutes. Then, flip the cake onto a wire rack to cool completely.To make the glaze:Mix the confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons of cream, and vanilla until smooth. Add more cream as needed to make glaze pourable.Drizzle the glaze over cake.", 30.0, 63.99, 80, 16, 26.0, "Cinnamon Roll Cake", false, true
0, true, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.Combine oil, sugar and vanilla extract in a bowl until well-combined and crumbly.Combine flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt in a separate bowl.Add sugar mixture to the flour mixture.Using a grater, shred the zucchini.Stir the zucchini shreds into the batter until thoroughly incorporated. Batter should be moist and thick.Scrape batter into an 8 x 11 baking dish.Bake for approximately 25-30 minutes or until the brownie is fairly firm and begins to pull from the sides of the pan.Allow brownies to cool.", 0, 18.12, 45, 16, 17.0, "Chocolate Zucchini Brownies", false, false
15, false, false, "Pour cereal into a large microwavable bowl.In a 2 cup microwavable measuring cup heat butter until melted. Add sugar and corn syrup. Heat for 30 seconds, stir until smooth. Add vanilla.Pour over cereal, and mix to coat. Add white chocolate chips, and stir.Heat for 2 minutes, stirring after 1 minutes.Sprinkle with powdered sugar and mix.Pour on a lined baking sheet to cool. Sprinkle immediately with colored sprinkles.", 0.0, 29.9, 15, 14, 44.0, "Sugar Cookie Chex Mix", false, false
0, true, false, "Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook pasta according to package directions, until al dente. Set aside.Meanwhile, in a large wok heat 1 tbsp of sesame oil over medium-high heat. Add the \"beef\" crumbles to the wok and saute for 5-6 minutes, or until starting to get crispy. Stir in the garlic and saute 1-2 minutes, or until fragrant. Add the greens to the pan and saute until wilted. Stir in the soy sauce, honey, and chili oil, to taste.When the pasta is done cooking, toss it into the wok with the vegetables. Serve warm with extra chili oil on the side.", 0, 216.75, 45, 6, 98.0, "Fiery Vegetarian Dan Dan Noodles", false, false
20, false, true, "Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water.Salt the water and bring to a boil over medium heat.Cook the potatoes for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tender.Drain and put the potatoes under cold running water for a few minutes, or until cooled off.Cut the potatoes in quarters and place in a large salad bowl.Add crumbled bacon, diced eggs, diced avocado, and sliced green onions to the bowl and set aside.In a small mixing bowl, combine Hellmann's Dressing & Sandwich Spread, yogurt, lemon juice, salt and pepper; mix until thoroughly combined.Gently mix and stir the dressing into the previously prepared salad.Cover and chill for at least 2 hours.Garnish with chopped parsley and crumbled bacon.Serve.", 15.0, 56.05, 35, 16, 49.0, "Lightened-Up Creamy Potato Salad", false, false
30, false, false, "Heat the oven to 375 F. Line a muffin tin with muffin cups.Beat the butter, sugar an molasses together until creamy, and then beat in the eggs. Gently stir in the milk kefir.In a separate bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg together. Slowly stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients, until they form a smooth batter, and then fold in the shredded apple.Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups, sprinkle with chopped walnuts and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffins comes out clean.Allow the muffins to cool for 5 minutes in the pan, and then gently pull them out and allow them to finish cooling on a wire rack.", 15.0, 47.3, 45, 18, 29.0, "Sprouted Einkorn Apple Muffins with Pecans", false, true
15, false, false, "Lay out plates for each person you are serving and place two scones on each.Spoon about 1/4 cup of the fruit mixture on top of one scone on each plate.Top the fruit with a heaping spoonful (or two) of cinnamon whipped cream.Cover with the other scone on each plate (make sure the apple side is facing up) and gently press down. Drizzle some of the sauce from the fruit mixture on top. Serve.Preheat oven to 375 degrees (F). Line two baking sheets with parchment; set aside.In a large bowl combine flours, oats, sugar, baking powder, apple pie spice and salt.Use a pastry blender to cut in the pieces of cold butter until the mixture resembled course crumbs. You can also do this with a food processor if you want.Stir in the grated apple.Whisk the eggs and heavy cream in small bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the egg mixture. Stir with a fork until just moistened. The dough will be thick.Use a ice cream scoop or 1/4 cup measuring cup to scoop the dough into mounds and place on the baking sheets about 3 inches apart. Dont flatten.Stir together the egg yolk and 1 tbsp. heavy cream in a small bowl. Use a pastry brush to brush the cream mixture on top of the dough mounds.Place a slice of apple on top of each mound and gently press down until the mound is about 1 inch thick. Lightly brush with more cream and sprinkle with course sugar.Bake for 15-17 minutes or until lightly browned. Halfway though switch the position of the baking sheets and flip 180 degrees for more even baking. Transfer the sheets to a wire rack and cool for 5 minutes. Place scones on a platter or wire rack to cool a bit more. Serve warm with spiced maple butter or assemble into shortcakes.To make spiced maple butter beat butter, maple syrup and apple pie spice on medium speed until light and fluffy. Serve at room temperature. (Makes about 3/4 cup)Combine brown sugar and apple pie spice in a small bowl.Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add sugar mixture, pears and apples. Cover and cook for 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Keep warm until ready to serve.Pour heavy cream into a chilled (5 minutes in the freezer works for me) bowl.Beat on high speed, slowly adding the sugar, cinnamon and vanilla.Continue beating until stiff peaks form.Place in the freezer for about 10 minutes to chill.", 35.0, 430.08, 10, 8, 68.0, "Spiced Apple and Pear Shortcakes", false, false